[A] 8, 14(16), 4, 5, 19, 10, 6
[B] 12, 4, 3, 18, 9, 4, 7
[C] 14(16), 19, 10, 4, 3, 1, 2a
[D] 3, 17, 5, 18, 5, 14, 19
[E] 2b, 11, 14, 6, 2a, 5, 1

###############################################################################
#################################### [B] ######################################
###############################################################################

materials: 8, 14, 4, 5, 19, 10, 6

what comes after? [B] begins with a fourway composite:

    M12 [massed string trills] 
    M4 [contrabass halo] 
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M18 [china cymbal miasma]

it's possible that one or more of the [B] start materials may leak backwards
into the end of [A].

M8 [pizzicati fantastiques] is written into the structure of only [A]. so if
the material is to climax it will climax during about the first two minutes of
the piece.

M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] is written into the structure of the
piece all over the place. the occurrence of the material here in [A] is
probably reinterpreted as the start of M16 [extremely long string tremolo
descent] which then ends shortly after the start of [C].

M4 [contrabass halo] is written into the structure of [A], [B], [C]. so M4
[contrabass halo] territorializes the first three segments of the piece. this
also means that M4 [contrabass halo] may start very near the beginning of the
piece. this also means that M4 [contrabass halo] beaves as an independent layer
in very much the same way as M15 [woodblock underspine] and M16 [extremely long
string tremolo descent].

M5 [extremely quiet low winds] is written into the structure of [A], [D], [E].
the material probably never climaxes. how is M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
interpreted in [D] and [E]? [D] introduces M5 [extremely quiet low winds] as a
backdrop to M3 [dialoguing wind solos] and as the remains left over after the
violence of M17 [snare roll]. the material remains as a type of (possibly
intermittent) pedal for most of the rest of [D] which will add depth to most of
[D]. will the presence of M5 [extremely quiet low winds] impute an element of
the sinister? not necessarily. if the combination of contrabass clarinet and
baritone saxophone is treated as a pedal then any major or perfect interval
can be used to forestall the sinister. if the combination of contrabass
clarinet and baritone saxophone is treated as a pair of voices in counterpoint
then the moments of held conjunction between the two voices can be set to major
or perfect intervals for the same reason.

M19 [piano lightning cadenza] is written into the structure of [A], [C], [D].
M19 [piano lightning cadenza] in [A] will foreshadow M19 [piano lightning
cadenza] in [C], [D]. though the presentation of M19 [piano lightning cadenza]
in [A] may be relatively forceful or relatively long, or both. because M19
[piano lightning cadenza] combines effortlessly with all the preceding
materials in [A]. these are M8 [pizzicati fantastiques] and M5 [extremely quiet
low winds] as semantic materials in [A] and also the start of M16 [extremely
long string tremolo descent], M4 [contrabass halo] and M15 [woodblock
underspine].

M10 [tremoli fantastiques] is written into the structure of [A] and [C]. M10
[tremoli fantastiques] follows immediately after M19 [piano lightning cadenza]
both here in [A] and in [C]. so it is likely that M19 [piano lightning cadenza]
and M10 [tremoli fantastiques] are bonded together in the piece. this may also
mean that the final appearance of M19 [piano lightning cadenza] in [D] and [E]
may also be accompanied by M10 [tremoli fantastiques] even though M10 [tremoli
fantastiques] is not written into the structure of either [D] or [E].

M6 [quiet multiphonic complexes] is written into the structure of [A] and [E].
it's not clear that the material ever climaxes. though it will be easier to get
a fair dose of the material in [A] than during the closing sequence in [E]. the
presence of both M5 [extremely quiet low winds] and M6 [quiet multiphonic
complexes] in [A] suggests that the two materials merge into a composite
material during [A]. the same may be true of [E] in which both materials appear
together again.

there's another possibility for material transformation in [A]. both M8
[pizzicati fantastiques] and M10 [tremoli fantastiques] appear in [A]. so it
may be the case that M8 [pizzicati fantastiques] becomes M10 [tremoli
fantastiques] during [A]. it is also the case that M12 [massed string trills]
appears early in [B]. so it may be the case that M10 [tremoli fantastiques]
becomes M12 [massed string trills] during the second part of [A]. if this is
the case then M8 [pizzicati fantastiques] becomes M10 [tremoli fantastiques]
which in turn becomes M12 [massed string trills].

SUMMARY. so what are the primary events in [A]? three longterm and independent
processes begin: M16 [extremely long string tremolo descent], M15 [woodblock
underspine] and M4 [contrabass halo]. there is also the transformation of M8
[pizzicati fantastiques] into M10 [tremoli fantastiques] and possibly a further
transformation into M12 [massed string trills]. there's also an underlayer of
M5 [extremely quiet low winds] together with M6 [quiet multiphonic complexes].
and there's also the first appearance of M19 [piano lightning cadenza].

FIRST-ORDER STORYBOARD:
materials: 8, 14(16), 4, 5, 19, 10, 6

    [1]
    M4 [contrabass halo]

    [2]
    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M8 [pizzicati fantastiques]
    M4 [contrabass halo]

    [3]
    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M16 [extremely long string tremolo descent: start]
    M8 [pizzicati fantastiques]
    (M4 [contrabass halo])

    [4]
    M6 [quiet multiphonic complexes] + M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M15 [woodblock underspine: start]
    (M16 [extremely long string tremolo descent])
    M8 [pizzicati fantastiques]
    (M4 [contrabass halo])

    [5]
    M6 [quiet multiphonic complexes] + M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    (M15 [woodblock underspine])
    (M16 [extremely long string tremolo descent])
    M8 [pizzicati fantastiques] ==> M10 [tremoli fantastiques]
    (M4 [contrabass halo])

    [6]
    M6 [quiet multiphonic complexes]
    M19 [piano lightning cadenza]
    (M15 [woodblock underspine])
    (M16 [extremely long string tremolo descent])
    M10 [tremoli fantastiques]
    (M4 [contrabass halo])

    [7]
    (M6 [quiet multiphonic complexes])
    M19 [piano lightning cadenza]
    (M15 [woodblock underspine])
    (M16 [extremely long string tremolo descent])
    M10 [tremoli fantastiques] ==> M12 [massed string trills]
    (M4 [contrabass halo])

CARRY OVER INTO [B]:

    (M6 [quiet multiphonic complexes])
    (M15 [woodblock underspine])
    (M16 [extremely long string tremolo descent])
    (M12 [massed string trills])
    (M4 [contrabass halo])

ORCHESTRATION:

    [1]
    M4 [bass flute accompaniment to contrabass halo]
    --
    --
    --
    --
    --
    --
    --
    M4 [viola accompaniment to contrabass halo]
    M4 [cello accompaniment to contrabass halo]
    M4 [contrabass halo]


    [2]
    M4 [bass flute accompaniment to contrabass halo]
    M5 [extremely quiet low bass clarinet]
    M5 [extremely quiet low baritone saxophone]
    --
    M8 [guitar pizzicati fantastiques]
    --
    --
    M8 [violin pizzicati fantastiques]
    M4 [viola accompaniment to contrabass halo]
    M4 [cello accompaniment to contrabass halo]
    M4 [contrabass halo]


    [3]
    M4 [bass flute accompaniment to contrabass halo]
    M5 [extremely quiet low bass clarinet]
    M5 [extremely quiet low baritone saxophone]
    --
    M8 [guitar pizzicati fantastiques]
    --
    --
    M8 [violin pizzicati fantastiques]
    M16 [extremely long string tremolo descent: start]
    M8 [cello pizzicati fantastiques]
    M4 [contrabass halo]


    [4]
    M4 [bass flute accompaniment to contrabass halo]
    M5 [extremely quiet low bass clarinet]
    M5 [extremely quiet low baritone saxophone]
    --
    M8 [guitar pizzicati fantastiques]
    --
    M15 [woodblock underspine: start]
    M8 [violin pizzicati fantastiques]
    (M16 [viola extremely long string tremolo descent])
    M8 [viola pizzicati fantastiques]
    M8 [cello pizzicati fantastiques]
    M4 [contrabass halo]


    [5]
    M5+M6 [bass flute quiet multiphonic complexes + pure tone]
    M5+M6 [bass clarinet quiet multiphonic complexes + pure tone]
    M5+M6 [baritone saxophone quiet multiphonic complexes + pure tone]
    --
    M8 [guitar pizzicati fantastiques]
    --
    (M15 [woodblock underspine])
    --
    M8 [violin pizzicati fantastiques]
    (M16 [viola extremely long string tremolo descent])
    M8 [viola pizzicati fantastiques]
    M8 [cello pizzicati fantastiques]
    M4 [contrabass halo]


    [6]
    M6 [bass flute quiet multiphonic complexes]
    M6 [bass clarinet quiet multiphonic complexes]
    M6 [baritone saxophone quiet multiphonic complexes]
    --
    M8 [guitar pizzicati fantastiques]
    M19 [piano lightning cadenza]
    (M15 [woodblock underspine])
    --
    M8 [violin pizzicati fantastiques]
    (M16 [viola extremely long string tremolo descent])
    M8 [viola pizzicati fantastiques]
    M8 [cello pizzicati fantastiques]
    M4 [contrabass halo]


    [7]
    M6 [bass flute quiet multiphonic complexes]
    M6 [bass clarinet quiet multiphonic complexes]
    M6 [baritone saxophone quiet multiphonic complexes]
    --
    M8 [guitar pizzicati fantastiques]
    M19 [piano lightning cadenza]
    (M15 [woodblock underspine])
    --
    M8 [violin pizzicati fantastiques] ==> M10 [violin tremoli fantastiques]
    (M16 [viola extremely long string tremolo descent])
    M8 [viola pizzicati fantastiques] ==> M10 [viola tremoli fantastiques]
    M8 [cello pizzicati fantastiques] ==> M10 [cello tremoli fantastiques]
    M4 [contrabass halo]