01: upper-register legato prestissimo.

    piccolo running altissimo
    b-flat clarinet running quiet upper register
    sopranino sax running quiet upper register
    oboe running upper register
    --
    piano
    --
    violin short running slurs
    viola short running slurs
    --
    --

subsets:

    piccolo
    b-flat clarinet
    sopranino sax
    oboe
    [(muted) piano]

    piccolo
    [oboe]
    violin
    [piano]

    b-flat clarinet
    sopranino sax
    [piano]
    
    violin
    viola

    b-flat clarinet
    lower sopranino sax
    lower violin
    viola

ensemble completion with resonant guitar coattacking beginnings or ends of
violin slurs or viola slurs. or with extremely bright upper register guitar
coattacking beginnings or ends of piccolo slurs.

    piccolo running slurs
    extremely high guitar coattacks

    b-flat clarinet running slurs
    sopranino sax running slurs
    high guitar coattacks

    [*]
    violin running slurs or off-string figures
    viola running slurs or off-string figures
    guitar coattacks

    piano running slurs
    guitar coattacks

ensemble completion with cello off-string figures and bass off-string figures.

    violin running slurs or off-string figures
    viola running slurs or off-string figures
    cello off-string figures
    bass off-string figures
    [guitar coattacks]

PITCH APPLICATION. shared register with relatively large number of simultaneous
voices makes a strictly canonic or interruptedly canonic application of pitches
possible. can be exact figure repetition of pitch, rhythm and dynamics first in
piccolo then in violin then in sopranino sax then in clarinet and so on. amount
of time between entry of voices can be constantly varied. this then enables the
ability to loop on a single extant figure. looping can begin first in one or
two voices while the remaining voices continue to state new pitch material.
looping can then grow to encompass most or all voices. once looping is in place
pitches can be added one at a time to all loops. once looping is in place
pitches can be removed one at a time from all loops. there's also the
possibility of canonic treatment with the same pitches between parts but with
different rhythms between parts. there's even the possibility of rests coming
in the middle of figures to effectively sever loops into two or three shards
differently in different voices.

PERCUSSION AUDIT.

    triangle: +
    handbells: +
    struck almglocken: --
    scraped almglocken: --
    tibetan bowls: --
    whirly tubes: --
    castanets: +
    maracas: --
    guiro(s): +
    rolled snare: +
    foot-struck bass drum: --
    groaned bass drum: +
    rolled bass drum: +
    small cymbal: +
    medium cymbal: +
    large chinese cymbal: +
    very large chinese cymbal: +
    struck large tam-tam: +
    struck very large tam-tam: +
    brushed large tam-tam: --
    brushed very large tam-tam: --
    struck marimba: --
    woodblock struck marimba: +
    pedal point marimba: +

VARATIONS. legato figures can be subito swapped out for tongued and off-string
figures. legato figures and tongued / off-string figures can interpolate.

TIME TREATMENTS.

    global acc/rit: +
    local acc/rit: +
    global fermatas: +
    subset fermatas: +
    global acc/rit leading directly to global fermatas: +
    global acc/rit leading directly to subset fermatas: +
    loops in 1 layer: + 
    loops in multiple layers: +
    loops in all layers: +
    loops scaled by global acc/rit: +
    loops in 1 layer scaled by acc/rit: +
    loops in multiple layers scaled by acc/rit: +
    loops in all layers scaled by acc/rit: +
    loops of acc/rit cell in 1 layer: +
    loops of acc/rit cell in multiple layers: +
    loops of acc/rit cells in all layers: +
    loops with increasing cell size: +
    loops with decreasing cell size: +
    loops of acc/rit cell with increasing cell size: +
    loops of acc/rit cell with decreasing cell size: +
    metric modulation: +
    metric modulation with loops: +
    affective section sizes: +

SUPERIMPOSITION AUDIT.

    upper-register prestissimo: idem
    guiro: +
    dialoguing wind solos: +
    contrabass halo: +
    extremely quiet low winds: +
    quiet multiphonic complexes: +
    ferocious multiphonic complexes: +
    pizzicati fantastiques: +
    sostenuti fantastiques: +
    tremoli fantastiques: +
    massed off-string bowing: +
    massed string trills: +
    massed wind trills: +
    electric string tremolo + maracas: +
    woodblock underspine: +
    extremely long string tremolo descent: +
    snare roll: +
    china cymbal miasma: +
    piano lightning cadenza: +
    whirly tubes: +

###############################################################################
###############################################################################
###############################################################################

04: low quiet winds.

    bass flute
    bass clarinet
    baritone sax
    english horn
    guitar (low single notes on E string)
    piano (low single notes, dyads or clusters)
    marimba pedal point
    violin (low)
    viola (low)
    cello (low)
    bass (low)

subsets:

    bass flute
    bass clarinet
    baritone sax
    english horn

    violin (low)
    viola (low)
    cello (low)
    bass (low)

    violin (low)
    viola (low)

    cello (low)
    bass (low)

    bass clarinet
    baritone sax

    marimba pedal point
    violin (low)
    viola (low)
    cello (low)
    bass (low)

    bass clarinet
    baritone sax
    cello (low)
    bass (low)

    guitar (low single notes on E string)
    piano (low single notes, dyads or clusters)
    marimba pedal point

    bass flute
    violin (low)
    viola (low)

    bass flute
    cello (low)
    bass (low)

VARIATIONS. there's a dramatic variation available that enters the quiet
version of this material subito from a very loud version of this material.
there's also a version of this material that asks the players to all play
ppppp (and which might omit the english horn). the ultraquiet version of this
material makes for an incredible backdrop. a solo or dialogue of solos may be
introduced over the backdrop.

INTERNAL DEVELOPMENT. very slow crescendi are possible. very slow decrescendi
are possible. the string subset of the material can transition very slow
towards the bridge and away. the string subset of the material can transition
from very slow bow to very fast bow and back. in fact the combination of tutti
fast bow flautando over the winds is very attractive. as is tutti scratch over
the winds.

BLOCK CHANGES. block changes of dynamic in the winds but the strings. block
changes of dynamic in the strings but not the winds. block changes of color in
the strings but not the winds. block changes of tempo in the winds but not the
strings. block changes of tempo in the strings but not the winds.

    bass flute
    bass clarinet
    baritone sax
    english horn
    violin (low) extremely fast bow flautando
    viola (low) extremely fast bow flautando
    cello (low) extremely fast bow flautando
    bass (low) extremely fast bow flautando

    bass flute
    bass clarinet
    baritone sax
    english horn
    violin (low) scratch
    viola (low) scratch
    cello (low) scratch
    bass (low) scratch

PERCUSSION AUDIT.

    triangle: --
    handbells: ?
    struck almglocken: +
    scraped almglocken: +
    tibetan bowls: --
    whirly tubes: --
    castanets: +
    maracas: +
    guiro(s): +
    rolled snare: +
    foot-struck bass drum: --
    groaned bass drum: --
    rolled bass drum: +
    small cymbal: +
    medium cymbal: +
    large chinese cymbal: +
    very large chinese cymbal: +
    struck large tam-tam: +
    struck very large tam-tam: +
    brushed large tam-tam: --
    brushed very large tam-tam: --
    struck marimba: --
    woodblock struck marimba: --
    pedal point marimba: +

TIME TREATMENTS.

    global acc/rit: +
    local acc/rit: +
    global fermatas: +
    subset fermatas: +
    global acc/rit leading directly to global fermatas: +
    global acc/rit leading directly to subset fermatas: +
    loops in 1 layer: + 
    loops in multiple layers: +
    loops in all layers: +
    loops scaled by global acc/rit: +
    loops in 1 layer scaled by acc/rit: +
    loops in multiple layers scaled by acc/rit: +
    loops in all layers scaled by acc/rit: +
    loops of acc/rit cell in 1 layer: +
    loops of acc/rit cell in multiple layers: +
    loops of acc/rit cells in all layers: +
    loops with increasing cell size: +
    loops with decreasing cell size: +
    loops of acc/rit cell with increasing cell size: +
    loops of acc/rit cell with decreasing cell size: +
    metric modulation: +
    metric modulation with loops: +
    affective section sizes: +

time treatments mostly do not apply when material manifests as fixed chord.
time treatments do apply when material manifests with changing pitches or even
very slowly changing pitches. in fact there's a way to get the time treatments
to apply even in the scoring of a fixed chord with color deviation fingerings
in the winds and microtonal deviations in the strings. in fact pervasive
deviation means that the material can be effected at all tempi from extremely
slow to extremely fast. can even use 3- to 5-note 24-ET microtonal ascents or
descents as a way of animating the material for time treatment.

RHETORIC. material possibly effects submarine states. if this is true then the
subito change from forte to piano may represent the overhead passing on of
unaltered experience.

SUPERIMPOSITION AUDIT.

    upper-register prestissimo: +
    guiro: *
    dialoguing wind solos: +
    contrabass halo: *
    extremely quiet low winds: idem
    quiet multiphonic complexes: +
    ferocious multiphonic complexes: +
    pizzicati fantastiques: +
    sostenuti fantastiques: +
    tremoli fantastiques: +
    massed off-string bowing: +
    massed string trills: +
    massed wind trills: +
    electric string tremolo + maracas: +
    woodblock underspine: +
    extremely long string tremolo descent: +
    snare roll: +
    china cymbal miasma: +
    piano lightning cadenza: +
    whirly tubes: +