[A] 8, 14, 4, 5, 19, 10, 6
[B] 12, 4, 3, 18, 9, 4, 7
[C] 14, 19, 10, 4, 3, 1, 2a
[D] 3, 17, 5, 18, 5, 14, 19
[E] 2b, 11, 14, 6, 2a, 5, 1

###############################################################################
#################################### [B] ######################################
###############################################################################

materials: 12, 4, 3, 18, 9, 4, 7

what comes before? five different layers carry over from [A] into [B]:

    (M6 [quiet multiphonic complexes])
    (M15 [woodblock underspine])
    (M16 [extremely long string tremolo descent])
    (M12 [massed string trills])
    (M4 [contrabass halo])

M12 [massed string trills] is written to occur as a primary material only in
[B]. so it makes sense for M12 to maximize in [B] if M12 wants to maximize in
the piece at all. of course M12 cooccurs with materials in the opening stages
of [D]. and M12 may cooccur with materials in other segments, too. feels like
the version of M12 that occurs here is incredibly quiet. so the material is a
type of massed backdrop. and possibly one that may go on much longer than a
backdrop would be expected to last. dynamic enveloping works really well here.
so it's possible that dynamic enveloping starts with the end of [A] and
continues into the start of [B]. all the time techniques work, too. so this may
be a really good place to front two or three of the time techniques relatively
early in the piece. even though the time techniques would then be predicated on
backdrop material.

M4 [contrabass halo] occurs in [A], [B] and [C]. and so the occurrence in [B]
sits in the middle of the other two. M4 probabaly never climaxes. M4 is
probabaly only ever revealed between other materials. M3 [dialoguing wind
solos] follow M4 [contrabass halo] or come at the same time as M4 [contrabass
halo]. the materials conceivably layer and work incredibly well in true
counterpoint. so perhaps M4 [contrabass halo] and M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
begin together at the same time in [B]. it's also possible that the
pitch-content of M4 [contrabass halo] is restricted everywhere in the piece. a
glissando lentissimo played on changing harmonics and half harmonics may be
enough. in fact it may be that the four occurrences of M4 [contrabass halo] in
the piece are all exposures of a slow-moving but deeply parametric line.
probably notated on a single staff but probabaly notated with a number of
transition spanners. which will mean that M4 [contrabass halo] derives from ins
wasser. M12 [massed string trills] probabaly leaks into M4 [contrabass halo].
this means that the contrabass probabaly doesn't participate in M12 [massed
string trills] in [B]. and this may also mean that M12 [massed string trills],
M4 [contrabass halo] and M3 [dialoguing wind solos] not only layer but begin at
about the same time in [B].

M18 [china cymbal miasma] is written to occur in [B] and [D]. the reasoning in
the storyboarding of [D] climaxes M18 [china cymbal miasma] a first time on the
22" cymbal in [B] and a second time on the 27" cymbal in [D]. that still sounds
right. it's also possible to glue M18 [china cymbal miasma] together with the
other three materials already present in [B]. this will mean that M12 [massed
string trills], M4 [contrabass halo], M3 [dialoguing wind solos] and M18 [china
cymbal miasma] can all be glued together near or at the beginning of [B] as a
type of almost-full-ensemble amalgam.

the presence of M9 [sostenuti fantastiques] in [B] after both M12 [massed
string trills] and M3 [dialoguing wind solos] suggests that either M12 [massed
string trills] or M3 [dialoguing wind solos] or both undergo a process of
interpolation and become M9 [sostenuti fantastiques]. do such processes of
interpolation necessarily effect a reduction of energy? not necessarily.
because the transition from a greater number of attacks to a lesser number of
attacks may be offset by a corresponding increase in dynamics.

this also means that there's a natural change in the disposition of materials
by the time M9 [sostenuti fantastiques] are fully in effect. which other
materials from [B] carry over into the M9 [sostenuti fantastiques]? conceivably
any of the previous four materials in [B] may carry over into M9 [sostenuti
fantastiques]. the limitation is that at least some of the strings in M12
[massed string trills] or some of the winds in [dialoguing wind solos] or some
of both the strings and the wind will have to drop out of the previous material
and join M9 [sostenuti fantastiques]. so the option is available actually to
have all five of the first materials in [B] continue to be in effect by the
arrival of M9 [sostenuti fantastiques]. and that may be an effective way to
allow each of the materials more time to work their magic.

the presence of M4 [contrabass halo] at the end of [B] means either that M4
[contrabass halo] continues throughout all of [B] or that M4 [contrabass halo]
territorializes [B] intermittently. probably means that M4 [contrabass halo]
territorializes all of [A], [B] and [C] intermittently or even pervasively.

M7 [ferocious multiphonic complexes] is written to appear only at the end of
[B]. so if M7 [ferocious multiphonic complexes] wants to climax then it will
happen at the end of [B] and possibly continue into the start of [C]. the
presence of M18 [china cymbal miasma] climaxing on the 22" cymbal in [B] should
be used in dialogue with the climax of M7 [ferocious multiphonic complexes].
there's also the possibility that the M3 [dialoguing wind solos] transition to
become M7 [ferocious multiphonic complexes] during [B].

FIRST-ORDER STORYBOARD:

    M12 [massed string trills] 
    M4 [contrabass halo] 
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M18 [china cymbal miasma]

    M12 [massed string trills] 
    M4 [contrabass halo] 
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M18 [china cymbal miasma]
    M9 [sostenuti fantastiques]

    M18 [china cymbal miasma]
    M9 [sostenuti fantastiques]
    M7 [ferocious multiphonic complexes]

so [B] ends in a field of densely saturated color. probably all parts of the
field leak over into the start of [C].