[A] 8, 14(16), 4, 5, 19, 10, 6
[B] 12, 4, 3, 18, 9, 4, 7
[C] 14(16), 19, 10, 4, 3, 1, 2a
[D] 3, 17, 5, 18, 5, 14, 19
[E] 2b, 11, 14, 6, 2a, 5, 1

###############################################################################
#################################### [D] ######################################
###############################################################################

materials: 3, 17, 5, 18, 5, 14, 19

M2a [seaweed guiro] from [C] probabaly leaks into the start of [D] with M3
[dialoguing wind solos] and possibly M17 [snare roll].

M17 [snare roll] is written to occur only in [D]. so decision has to be made as
to foreshadowing earlier in the piece. insertion of M17 between M3 [dialoguing
wind solos] and M5 [extremely quiet low winds] probably means that M17 causes
the transformation of M3 [dialoguing wind solos] into M5 [extremely quiet low
winds]. because M17 works particularly well with M11 [massed off-string bowing]
and M12 [massed off-string trills] it is possible that either M11 [massed
off-string bowing] or M12 [massed off-string trills] or both may appear on,
with or before M17 [snare roll] here in [D]. 

M18 [china cymbal miasma] is written into the structure in both [B] and [D]. so
some decision has to be made about the relative intensities of the two
occurrences. even though M17 [snare roll] climaxes in [D] it is still possible
that M18 [china cymbal miasma] also climaxes in [D]. wherever the climax of M18
[china cymbal miasma] happens it takes a long time and probabaly takes longer
than the approximate 2 minutes allotted to any given segment. so if M18 [china
cymbal miasma] climaxes in [B] then the afterglow continues into [C] and if M18
[china cymbal miasma] climaxes in [D] then the afterglow continues into [E].
it's also possible that M18 [china cymbal miasma] climaxes in both [B] and [D]
and that the pitch difference between the 22" and 27" cymbals is used as the
primary differentiator between the two regions. then the 22" cymbal climaxes in
[B] and the 27" cymbal climaxes in [D]. and that's probably exactly what
happens.

dynamic enveloping between M17 [snare roll] and M18 [china cymbal miasma] in
[D] has to be structured convincingly.  

M18 [china cymbal miasma] pairs particularly well with M12 [massed string
trills], M20 [whirly tubes] and especially M14 [electric string tremolo &
maracas]. this implies that M18 [china cymbal miasma] in [D] continues right up
into M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] in [D] because M14 [electric
string tremolo & shakers] is written into the structure of [D]. this means it
is possible that either M12 [massed string trills] or M20 [whirly tubes] or
both may also be present in [D]. so because M12 [massed string trills]
functions as a contrapuntal pairing to both M17 [snare roll] and M18 [china
cymbal miasma] it makes sense to include M12 [massed string trills] as a type
of pervasive element throughout [D]. this also means that the M11 [massed
off-string bowing] pairing possible with M17 [snare roll] need not appear with
M17 [snare roll] because M12 [massed string trills] will appear with M17 [snare
roll] instead. M20 [whirly tubes] probabaly does appear here in [D] with M18
[china cymbal miasma] because M20 is not written into the structure of the
piece explicitly.

M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] is written into the structure of
segments [A], [C], [D] and [E]. which of the four regions climaxes the
material? feels like the answer is likely [E] which will then make the
appearances of the material in [A], [C] and [D] function as some type of
stripped-down foreshadowing. also possible that the climax may span from [D]
all the way into [E]. if this is the case then the manifestation of the M14
[electric string tremolo & shakers] may be a rain of shakers spread throughout
the ensemble and sustained at loud dynamic while the tremolo content of the
strings is subject to the internal process of repeated dynamic swells. the full
scoring of M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] features fff piccolo
fluttertongue and struck tam-tam. so both materials would occur in the region
territorialized by M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] spanning [D] and
[E]. note too that M20 [whirly tubes] constitute a strong pairing with M14
[electric string tremolo & shakers]. this means that M14 [electric string
tremolo & shakers] may appear in [D] with M18 [china cymbal miasma] M5
[extremely quiet low winds] and M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] in
sequence.

M19 [piano lightning cadenza] is written into the structure of segments [A],
[C] and [D]. which of the three regions climaxes the material? M14 [electric
string tremolo & shakers] and M19 [piano lightning cadenza] abut in [D] and
work in counterpoint. so it's possible that [D-E] houses the climax of M14
[electric string tremolo & shakers] and that [D] also houses the climax of M19
[piano lightning cadenza]. then [D] superimposes the climaxes of M14 [electric
string tremolo & shakers] and M19 [piano lightning cadenza]. probabaly also
means that M19 [piano lightning cadenza] continues over the end of [D] and well
into [E]. possibly M19 [piano lightning cadenza] continues into [E] up through
the appearance of M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] in [E]. M10 [tremoli
fantastiques] follows M19 [piano lightning cadenza] in [A] and [C]. this may
mean that M10 [tremoli fantastiques] is bonded to M19 [piano lightning cadenza]
in the piece and that the occurrence of M19 [piano lightning cadenza] here in
[D] is accompanied by M10 [tremoli fantastiques] even though M10 [tremoli
fantastiques] is not written into the structure of [D].

FIRST-ORDER STORYBOARD:

    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M2a [(piano) seaweed guiro] (from [C])

    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]

    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M12 [massed string trills]
   
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M17 [snare roll]
    M12 [massed string trills]

    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M17 [snare roll]
    M12 [massed string trills]

    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M17 [snare roll]
    M12 [massed string trills]

    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M17 [snare roll]

    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]

    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M18 [china cymbal miasma]

    M18 [china cymbal miasma]

    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M18 [china cymbal miasma]
    M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] 

    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M19 [piano lightning cadenza]
    M18 [china cymbal miasma]
    M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] 

ORCHESTRATION:

    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (bass flute)
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (b-flat clarinet)
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (baritone sax)
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (english horn)
    S4 guitar sparse accompaniment accompaniment
    M2a [seaweed guiro] (piano with wire brushes)
    --
    --
    --
    --
    --


    --
    --
    --
    --
    S4 guitar sparse accompaniment accompaniment
    M2a [seaweed guiro] (piano with wire brushes)
    --
    --
    --
    --
    --


    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (bass flute)
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (b-flat clarinet)
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (baritone sax)
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (english horn)
    --
    --
    --
    --
    --
    --
    --


    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (bass flute)
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (b-flat clarinet)
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (baritone sax)
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos] (english horn)
    --
    --
    --
    M12 [massed string trills] (violin)
    M12 [massed string trills] (viola)
    M12 [massed string trills] (cello)
    M12 [massed string trills] (bass)