[A] 8, 14, 4, 5, 19, 10, 6
[B] 12, 4, 3, 18, 9, 4, 7
[C] 14, 19, 10, 4, 3, 1, 2a
[D] 3, 17, 5, 18, 5, 14, 19
[E] 2b, 11, 14, 6, 2a, 5, 1

###############################################################################
#################################### [E] ######################################
###############################################################################

materials: 2b, 11, 14, 6, 2a, 5, 1

what comes before? storyboard for [D] ends the segment with a four-layer
composite of M5 [extremely quiet low winds], M19 [piano lightning cadenza], M18
[china cymbal miasma] and M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers]. two of those
materials are climaxing by the end of [D] and probably continue into the start
of [E]. those two materials are M19 [piano lightning cadenza] and M18 [china
cymbal miasma]. and there's also special handling of M14 [electric string
tremolo & shakers] because the material climaxes in [E] and begins that process
at the end of [D]. so M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] also crosses the
boundary from the end of [D] into [E]. and the version of M14 [electric string
tremolo & shakers] that occurs at the end of [D] and the beginning of [E] is
probabaly a rain of shakers scattered throughout the ensemble with the electric
tremolo yet having been added in.

M2B [burst guiro] marks the beginning of [E]. it's possible that the
manifestation of M2B [burst guiro] here at the beginning of [E] is effected in
the form of jarring fff rattan across the resonators of the marimba. this means
that the percussionist will momentarily have to stop playing M18 [china cymbal
miasma] in order to grab the rattan and run it against the marimba. it's also
possible that the jarring fff rattan spawns a texture of smaller guiro bursts
throughout the ensemble, probabaly both before and after the appearance of the
fff rattan. after running the rattan against the marimba the percussionist can
return to the china cymbals. there's a particularly nice combination of
triangle together with the guiro bursts. so perhaps the composite texture
running through the ensemble are antiphonal guiro bursts together with triangle
hits.

it may turn out to be that the piece features a sustained but shifting climax
that begins in [D] and continue through almost all of [E]. this means that the
function of [E] will be to climax the piece and then provide whatever
concluding material is most effective.

M11 [massed off-string bowing] is written structurally only in [E]. the
material will not assert over the dynamics of M18 [china cymbal miasma] or M14
[rain of shakers]. although it's possible that M11 [massed off-string bowing]
will pair incredibly well with the M19 [piano lightning cadenza]. so perhaps
M11 [massed off-string bowing] is used as a type of foam used in relievo of M19
[piano lightning cadenza].

the fully orchestrated form of M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] may not
climax in [E] because the material is to close to the end of the piece to
climax in that way. it may be that the shakers-only form of the material is
combined with piccolo fluttertongue but not with electric string tremolo. it is
possible that ppp altissimo string tremolo appears. if this is the case then
the M14 [ppp altissimo string tremolo & fff shakers] combines extremely well
with M1 [upper-register prestissimo], M18 [china cymbal miasma], M19 [piano
lightning cadenza] and M20 [whirly tubes]. M18 [china cymbal miasma] and M19
[piano lightning cadenza] are already present and climaxing at the start of
[E]. and M1 [upper-register prestissimo] is specified as the last material in
the piece. so perhaps M1 [upper-register prestissimo] adds into [E] at the
moment when M14 [ppp altissimo string tremolo & fff shakers] begins. it's also
clear that the climaxing of M18 [china cymbal miasma] is actually a composite
with loudly struck tam-tam. the tam-tam will complete the spectral space opened
by M14 [ppp altissimo string tremolo & fff shakers], M1 [upper-reigster
prestissimo], M18 [china cymbal miasma] and M19 [piano lightning cadenza]. also
sounds like M19 [piano lightning cadenza] will be in basso furioso by this
point.