[A] 8, 14, 4, 5, 19, 10, 6
[B] 12, 4, 3, 18, 9, 4, 7
[C] 14, 19, 10, 4, 3, 1, 2a
[D] 3, 17, 5, 18, 5, 14, 19
[E] 2b, 11, 14, 6, 2a, 5, 1

###############################################################################
#################################### [D] ######################################
###############################################################################

materials: 3, 17, 5, 18, 9, 14, 19

M2a [seaweed guiro] from [C] probabaly leaks into the start of [C] with M3
[dialoguing wind solos] and possibly M17 [snare roll].

M17 [snare roll] is written to occur only in [D]. so decision has to be made as
to foreshadowing earlier in the piece. insertion of M17 between M3 [dialoguing
wind solos] and M5 [extremely quiet low winds] probably means that M17 causes
the transformation of M3 into M5. because M17 works particularly well with M11
[massed off-string bowing] and M12 [massed off-string trills] it is possible
that either M11 or M12 or both may appear on, with or before M17 here in [D]. 

M18 [china cymbal miasma] is written into the structure in both [B] and [D]. so
some decision has to be made about the relative intensities of the two
occurrences. even though M17 climaxes in [D] it is still possible that M18 also
climaxes in [D]. wherever the climax of M18 happens it takes a long time and
probabaly takes longer than the approximate 2 minutes allotted to any given
segment. so if M17 climaxes in [B] then the afterglow continues into [C] and if
M17 climaxes in [D] then the afterglow continues into [E]. it's also possible
that M17 climaxes in both [B] and [D] and that the pitch difference between the
22" and 27" cymbals is used as the primary differentiator between the two
regions. then the 22" cymbal climaxes in [B] and the 27" cymbal climaxes in
[D]. and that's probably exactly what happens.

dynamic enveloping between M17 and M18 in [D] has to be structured
convincingly.  

M18 pairs particularly well with M12 [massed string trills], M20 [whirly tubes]
and especially M14 [electric string tremolo & maracas]. this implies that M18
in [D] continues right up into M14 in [D] because M14 is written into the
structure of [D]. this means it is possible that either M12 or M20 or both may
also be present in [D]. so because M12 functions as a contrapuntal pairing to
both M17 [snare roll] and M18 [china cymbal miasma] it makes sense to include
M12 as a type of pervasive element throughout [D]. this also means that the M11
[massed off-string bowing] pairing possible with M17 need not appear with M17
because M12 will appear with M17 instead. M20 [whirly tubes] probabaly does
appear here in [D] with M18 because M20 is not written into the structure of
the piece explicitly.

it's possible that M5 and M9 in [D] constitute essentially the same material.

M14 [electric string tremolo & maracas] is written into the structure of
segments [A], [C], [D] and [E]. which of the four regions climaxes the
material? feels like the answer is likely [E] which will then make the
appearances of the material in [A], [C] and [D] function as some type of
stripped-down foreshadowing. also possible that the climax may span from [D]
all the way into [E]. if this is the case then the manifestation of the M14 may
be a rain of shakers spread throughout the ensemble and sustained at loud
dynamic while the tremolo content of the strings is subject to the internal
process of repeated dynamic swells. the full scoring of M14 features fff
piccolo fluttertongue and struck tam-tam. so both materials would occur in the
region spanning territorialized by M14 spanning [D] and [E]. note too that M20
[whirly tubes] constitute a strong pairing with M14. this means that M14 may
appear in [D] with M18 M9 M14 in sequence.

M19 [piano lightning cadenza] is written into the structure of segments [A],
[C] and [D]. which of the three regions climaxes the material? M14 M19 abut in
[D] and constitute a strong counterpoint pairing. so it's possible that [D-E]
houses the climax of M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] and that [D] also
houses the climax of M19 [piano lightning cadenza]. which superimposes the
climaxes of M14 and M19. probabaly also means that M19 continues over the end
of [D] and well into [E]. possibly M19 continues into [E] up through the
appearance of M14 in [E].

stages:

    M2a [(piano) seaweed guiro] (from [C])
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M12 [massed string trills]

    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    
    M2a [seaweed guiro]
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M17 [snare roll]

    
    M2a [seaweed guiro]
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M17 [snare roll]

    M17 [snare roll]
    M3 [dialoguing wind solos]
    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]

    M17 [snare roll]
    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]

    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]

    M18 [china cymbal miasma]
    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]

    M18 [china cymbal miasma]
    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] 

    M18 [china cymbal miasma]
    M5 [extremely quiet low winds]
    M14 [electric string tremolo & shakers] 
    M19 [piano lightning cadenza]