[TT] scorewide tempo transitions: do accelerandi and ritardandi written above
the entire score cause the material noticeably to speed up or slow down?
[abbreviation reads "tempo transitions."]

[WTT] written-out tempo transitions in all layers: can the material be written
in such a way to speed up or slow down in all layers (independently of the
timeflow of other materials?) [abbreviation reads "wrtten-out tempo
transitions."]

[PWTT] written-out tempo transitions in only some layers: can the material
written in such a way that only some layers of the material speed up or slow
down? (not applicable for materials comprising only a single layer.)
[abbreviation reads "partial written-out tempo transitions."]

[F] (scorewide) fermatas: is the material striking when placed under fermatas
written above the entire score? (if not, then the material is probabaly
reiteration-rich and is better subject to looping that to fermatas.)
[abbreviation reads "fermatas."]

[WTS] written-out time suspension in all layers: can the material be written in
such a way that all layers of the material appear to stop time? (which
probabaly means that the material can be effected without the appearance of
reiteration.) [abbreviation reads "written-out time suspension."]

[PWTS] time suspension in only some layers: can the material be written in such
a way that only some layers of the material appear to stop time? (not
applicable for materials comprising only a single layer.) [abbreviation reads
"partial written-out time suspension."]

[TT->F] is the material striking when placed under an accelerando or ritardando
(written above the entire score) that then leads to a fermata (also written
above the entire score)?

[WTT->WTS] written-out tempo transitions capped with time suspension in all
layers: can the material be written in such a way to effect accelerando or
ritardando capped with time suspension in all layers?

[PWTT->PWTS] written-out tempo transitions capped with time suspension in only
some layers: can the material be written in such a way to effect accelerando or
ritardano capped with time suspension in only some layers?

loops in 1 layer: ? 

loops in multiple layers: ?

loops in all layers: ?

loops scaled by global acc/rit: ?

loops in 1 layer scaled by acc/rit: ?

loops in multiple layers scaled by acc/rit: ?

loops in all layers scaled by acc/rit: ?

loops of acc/rit cell in 1 layer: ?

loops of acc/rit cell in multiple layers: ?

loops of acc/rit cells in all layers: ?

loops with increasing cell size: ?

loops with decreasing cell size: ?

loops of acc/rit cell with increasing cell size: ?

loops of acc/rit cell with decreasing cell size: ?

metric modulation: ?

metric modulation with loops: ?

affective section sizes: ?